## Description
  
- **Argo**:
  - `process.r`: Data download and processing script, which would be saved in `data/`. 
  - `nmtrain.ipynb`: Training on various sample sizes and sampling frequencies with visualization of estimations.
  - `fulltrain.ipynb`: Training on the full dataset with visualization of the estimation.
  - `resultsv/` is required for training, while final models are saved in `bestnet/`.


## How to Use

### Utilizing GPU Resources in Training

In the training scripts located within the `Simulation` directory or `RealData` directory, we utilize a variable named `nocuda` to manage the usage of GPU resources during the execution. Here’s how the `nocuda` variable affects the computation:

- **`nocuda = -1`**: The code will run on the CPU.
- **`nocuda = 0`** or **`nocuda = 1`**: The code will run on GPU 0 or GPU 1, respectively.
- **`nocuda = 100`**: The script will automatically select the GPU (between 0 and 1) with more available memory to run the code.
- **`nocuda = 9`**: Use this option if you intend to manually specify the GPU. Add the following lines at the top of your `.py` or `.ipynb` files, where `"i"` should be replaced with your chosen GPU identifier (0 or 1).
  ```python
  import os
  os.environ["CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES"] = "i"  ## i = 0 or 1
  
Note: Ensure that these lines are commented out if you’re using any nocuda value other than 9, to prevent any potential issues or errors during execution.

Ensure that you configure the nocuda variable as per your computational resource availability and requirements before initiating the training scripts.



### Argo

1. Navigate to the `Argo` directory under `RealData`.

2. Process the data using the provided R script: `process.r`. The data processing script `process.r` makes use of the [`argoFloats`](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/argoFloats/index.html) R package. The `argoFloats` package provides a suite of functions for obtaining and working with Argo oceanographic measurement data. This includes capabilities for downloading, plotting, and managing Argo float datasets, which are pivotal for ocean and climate studies. For more information, please see [here](https://github.com/ArgoCanada/argoFloats). 
The package accesses data primarily from the [Argo Data](https://data-argo.ifremer.fr), you might also explore and directly download data from the [Argo Data website](https://data-argo.ifremer.fr) as per your specific requirements.
For a straightforward and user-friendly experience, the results generated by the `process.r` script are conveniently stored in the respective `data` folder. Hence, you can skip this step to save time.

3. Launch Jupyter Notebook and open the training notebooks:
- For training on various sample sizes and sampling frequencies and seeing the result, please run `nmtrain.ipynb`.

- For training on the full dataset and seeing the result, please run `fulltrain.ipynb`.

4. You can find the finalized models in the `bestnet/` directory.
